#summary A list of all changes with each update.
#labels Info-Help,Featured
=1.6x=
==1.6.5==
 * Damage done to self does not raise bleed counter. (Issue 157)
 * BleedingSpree goes down when damage is done to other team, but at 1/3 the damage done (Issue 157)
 * Admitdefeat votes cannot be spammed anymore by players, can't be called before `g_admitDefeatTime`, or by admin (Issue 159)
 * Fixed bug in listplayers and lockname (Issue 161)
 * Cleans up build near doors code (Issue 163)
 * Adds `/devolve` command for aliens. Does not give credits back, player must have full health, and is cvar controlled by `g_allowDevolve` (Issue 166)
 * Added silent specme, when `!specme s` is done by an admin (anyone with kick flag k), they are put to spec team, but it is not announced. (Issue 168)
 * Increase max registered players. (Issue 177)
==1.6.2==
 * Teamstatus now flood limited, via cvar `g_teamStatusTime`, and updated quite a bit (Issue 121)
 * New Marauder obituary (toggled via cvar `g_maraObituary`) (Issue 125 and seperate cvar)
 * Added `!fireworks` command, flag `Y` (Issue 126)
 * Added nobuild series of commands, `!nobuild` and `!nobuildsave`, flag `L` (Issue 128)
 * Added /allstats command, cvar `g_allStats` controls who can see it (0=off, 1=teammates only, 2=serverwide) and `g_allstatsTime` controls the rate at which players can repeat command. (Issue 123) (Issue 139)
 * Cleaned up name sanitize to filter ALL non-visible ascii characters (boxes) (Issue 131)
 * Added `!grab` command (Issue 135) (Issue 135) (Issue 138)
 * Removed `!mix`, `!switch`, `!trade`, `!steal`, `!explode` (Issue 138)
 * Added `!bring` command, brings the admin who ran it as a spectator to another spectators point of view. (Issue 138)
 * Added cvar controlling many wallwalk hovel glitches, `g_wwNoHovelBuild` (Issue 136)
 * Hardcoded `!info credits` into qvm, now server operators dont have to upload 2 files. (Issue 140)
==1.6.1==
 * Added Teamstatus command `/teamstatus`. Shows you the status of your base (nodes/eggs, om/reac, etc). Cvar `g_teamStatus` to toggle (Issue 120)
 * Added Welcome Messages feature. Sends welcome messages to connecting players. `g_welcomeMsg` is message sent to players (supports \n), `g_welcomeMsgTime` is the duration of display. (Issue 118)
 * Increased `!listmaps` display to 256. (Issue 117)
 * Fixed Medi-Radioactive Rets glitch (Issue 116)
 * Fixed vote math issues with 50%. (Issue 115)
 * Added instant build, `g_instantBuild`. (Issue 112)
 * Changed `qvm_version` appearance, removed website, added time.
==1.6==
 * Major cleanup to code
 * Added semi mark fix and designate fix, now, on aliens reload works as protect when designated, and if not designated on either team reload is mark. (Issue 84)
 * Added medi-stat shove control, `g_healShove` 1=can be shoved, 0=cant (Issue 85)
 * `g_modHumanStamina` now affects jumps (Issue 86)
 * Added high turret angles, `g_modTurretAngles` (Issue 87)
 * Changed `!demo` flag to match adminchat flag ?
 * Added patch to allow chat messages in messagemode, similar to /m (Issue 92)
 * Added patch to fix medi slow heals (Issue 90)
 * Reduced feeding spree near base (Issue 89)
 * Added `!practice` command, allows for temporary clan practice, based on tag. Flag [ (Issue 94)
 * Changed `/builder` flag to )
 * Fixed class changes
 * Added `!tklog` flag t
 * Added `!outlaw` (flag O) commands, punishes bleeders and tkers, cvar `g_bleedingSpree` (Issue 97)  (Issue 99) (Issue 100)
 * Added PTRC abuse prevention, complete with admin warning
 * Added `qvm_version` cvar, this qvm is part of the `qvm_` cvar initiative
 * Radioactive turrets off by default now
 * People who are affected by `g_newbieNamePrefix` can have building disabled for them via `g_newbieNoBuild`. Message to players can be changed via `g_newbieNoBuild` (Issue 107)
 * Fixed feeding spree (Issue 108)
 * Fixed typo in !l0 print output (Issue 109)
 * Added sanitise name fix (Issue 111)
 * Added random maprotation slot (Issue 106)
 * Added fix for vote math, no more annoying (66 percent) needed 66 percent to pass (Issue 110)
=1.5x=
==1.5.2x==
===1.5.2===
 * Changed !demo flag to ~ (to match adminchat flag.)
 * Fixed box characters that occasionally appear with line endings in !info
 * Added Chat channels, see [[Chat]] for more information
 * Added console check to !demo
 * Added `g_deconTime` to prevent deconning at beginning of match
 * Added !flag command, see [[flag]] for more information
 * Added Killing/Feeding spree. Kill a lot, and the price on your head goes up. Feed a lot, and you wait before spawning.
  * `g_killingSpree` is amount of kills to be considered a spree. 0 disables
  * `g_feedingSpree` is amount of feeds. 0 disables
==1.5.1x==
===1.5.1===
 * Added improved mark deconstruct, adds a second mode (2) to `g_markDeconstruct`, allowing use of regular decon as well as `/mark` command. (Issue 61)
 * Added `g_adminMaxBan`, when set, only allows admins to ban up to a certan number of days. If !ban is run without a duration, it matches `g_adminMaxBans`. Admins with flag `8` are immune. (Issue 65)
 * Added layout votes. Can be called with `/callvote layout layoutname`. Follows same restrictions as map votes (Issue 66)
 * `!listlayouts` flag changed to `j`, as with `!listmaps` (Issue 66)
==1.5.0x==
===1.5.0.4===
 * Added bugfixes for builder, now much more useful command. (See Issue 64)
 * Added extreme mod
  * `g_modBuildableHealth`: Buildable health *(Percent)*
  * `g_modBuildableSpeed`: Buildable fire rate *(Percent)*
  * `g_modHumanStamina`: Human stamina *(Percent)*
  * `g_modHumanHealth`: Human health *(Percent)*
  * `g_modAlienHealth`: Alien health *(Percent)*
  * `g_modHumanRate`: Human fire rate *(Percent)*
  * `g_modAlienRate`: Alien fire rate *(Percent)*
  * `g_modWeaponAmmo`: Weapon ammo per clip *(Percent)*
  * `g_modWeaponReload`: Adjust's Weapon reload time *(Percent)*
===1.5.0.3===
 * Added /builder command, flag +. Shows the builder of a building.
 * Increased amount of flags and commands to 128
===1.5.0.2===
 * Added !demo command
===1.5.0.1===
 * Added fixes for !denyweapon
===1.5===
 * Prevented purchase of bsuit when crouched, prevents bsuit crouch glitch
 * Added cvar `g_devmapVotes`, switches map votes to devmap votes
 * Added proxemity mines (grenades), `g_proximityMines`
 * Added !denyweapons/!alloweapons
 * Added search to !listmaps
 * Added maplog fixes, adds devmap info
 * Improved black name filter
 * Added timed messages, `g_msg` controls the message, `g_msgtime` controls the repeat rate
 * Added feature to echo cp to player consoles
 * Added newline support to !cp
 * Added vote logging to !adminlog
 * Added location data to say_area, `g_sayAreaLocations`
 * Added `g_specASpec`, allows spectators to follow other spectators
=1.4x=
==1.4.5==
 * Long awaited `!credits` function finally here
 * Indentation fixed for admin commands
==1.4.4.2==
 * Added Vote CP messages and percent notice on vote pass
==1.4.4.1==
 * Fixed ugly bug with prefix.
==1.4.4==
 * Added color to chat team prefixes
 * Added Logfile decolor
 * Removed normal property from customgrav, now !customgrav playername without any argument for gravity sets gravity to zero
 * Removed console prevention of commands (!drug, !explode, !customgrav), now console can actually run them on other players.
 * Added flood protect to share and donate
==1.4.3.1==
 * Fixed !drop, now supports spaces.
 * Fixed !trade and !steal, players can no longer go above their own health max.
==1.4.3==
 * Poll votes now start with 0 yes and 0 no (and no divide by 0 error)
 * Teamvotes now only pass if 50% of team votes, and of that 50%, majority wins
 * Admitdefeat votes now have percentage `(g_admitDefeatVotePercent)`
 * Map bounds spawn fix, now players cant mess up spawn cue by falling out of map (not in any stock maps, but in a few betas this is a problem)
 * Enhanced register: Register can be set up to have a password that sets players to a specific level:
  * New syntax for register: !register _[level] [password]_
  * !register 0 sets you back to level 0
  * `g_adminRegisterAdminLevel` new setting, sets how high a level can be set with password
  * `g_adminRegisterAdminPass` new setting, password required to get up above _g_adminRegisterAdminLevel_. Blank by default, disables
  * `g_adminRegisterLevel` new setting, sets how high an unpassworded register can get.
  * *WARNING: PASSWORDS CAN BE SEEN IN PUBLIC CHAT IF ADMIN MESSES UP, OR g_adminSayFilter IS NOT ENABLED. ESCAPE COMMAND WITH /!register.
 * Credit overflow is back, but in a much cleaner form.
  * `g_creditOverflow`
   * *0*: Disabled
   * *1*: Overflow to every teammate, cycles in slot order.
   * *2*: Overflow to highest ranked teammates first (most kills).
  * Displayed in /serverstatus
 * !drop command now supports messages. Tell a player why they were dropped. _!drop (NAME|SLOT) [Reason]_.
==1.4.2.1==
 * Fixed issue 20 _(Dretch/granger tk takes away one evo from victim and gives to tker)_
==1.4.2==
 * Fixed poll vote bug
==1.4.1==
 * Added !adminlog
 * Added percentage FF retribution
 *Changed !immunity and !suspendban flags to I and J.
==1.4.0==
 * Fixed !help comamnd listing, now alpahbetical
 * Added !maplog results
 * Added deconstruct fix, now shows structure name and is flood limited
 * Added duplicate ban warnings
 * Fixed tyrant costing 4 evos bug
 * Fixed admin ban warning flood bug
 * Added ban notices, appends value of cvar to all bans, cvar being g_banNotice.
 * Fixed denybuild glitch with granger death
 * Players cannot taunt when muted
 * Added teamkill damage done
 * Added Lakitu7's new teamvotes
 * Added vote timers