#labels Featured,Help
# summary An overview of all the features included in this QVM
The p-g-qvm has the largest featureset of any qvm, and as such, can be quite exhausting to hunt down and find each feature. Here is a list of all the features.

=Admin Commands=
QVM uses lakitu7's patch, and therefore has all admin and Lakitu7 commands.
 * !*forcespec/!unforcespec* (F): Disable the ability of a player to join any team. If the player is playing the game, they are removed and forced to spectator.
 * *!pause/!unpause* (S): Freeze a player where they are currently positioned. The freezed player cannot take any damage, give any damage, die, or move. They may rotate their view though. Works on spectators. _Note: Pause whole game feature removed due to [http://code.google.com/p/p-g-qvm/issues/detail?id=1 Bug 1]_
 * *!buildlog* (U): Displays a list of recent builds. Running the newest version, with advanced syntax.
 * *!revert* (U): Reverts a build action. Latest action. Uses advanced syntax.
 * *!slap* (x): Does damage to a player, and sends them flying.
 * *!l0* (l): Removes the admin of a level 1 admin. Used shares !l1 flag.
 * *!switch* (X): swaps places with any other player in the game, even spectators.
 * *!mix* (X): Mixes any other player into yourself. If both players are members of a team, you will generally get a bastard creature that cannot move, but can damage each other. If run on a spectator, it will force a spectator to look at the player (not follow, but look)
 * *!steal* (T): Lets you steal health from another player. Does health in increments of 5.
 * *!trade* (t): Lets you trade health with another player. They get yours and you get theirs. You cannot exceed your maximum health. Health is by number, and not percent, so if a full hp human trades with a dretch, the dretch will remain the same, but the human will only have 25 hp.
 * *!drug* (Q): Applies a poison effect to a player, like basilisk gas.
 * *!drop* (o): Drops a player from the server, without any log, any temporary ban, or any reason. Client sees server disconnected. Useful for ejecting laggers from server.
 * *!cp* (Z): Center prints a message to all players. This works exactly like the cp console command, except that this does not support \n newlines.
 * *!customgrav* (Q): Sets the gravity for ONE player. Set gravity to normal to match server gravity.
 * *!explode* (Q): Causes a player to instantly explode, as if they blew up a grenade. Does same amount of damage as grenade, with same radius of splash. Affects structures or close players too.
 * *!listmaps* (j): Displays a listing of ALL the maps on the server, by the name the server calls them.
 * *!maplog* (j): Shows a list of the 5 most recently played maps.
 * *!immunity* (b): Gives a player immunity from an IP ban. Player must have GUID and be registered with the server. Does nothing against GUID bans. Uses same flag as !ban.
 * *!suspendban* (b): Suspends a ban in !showbans for up to 14 days.
 
=Other Features=
 * Newline for console cp. Use \n to insert line breaks in
 * Extend votes, controlled by cvars beginning with `g_extend`
 * Buy anything, allows you to buy buildings and alien classes. `g_buyAll`
 * Multiple weapon slots allow players to hold more than one weapon. `g_multipleWeapons`
 * Control over poll votes. `g_pollVotes`
 * Faster, more powerful granger spit. Does same damage as blaster, at same repeat rate
 * Reasons for Mute and Kick votes are required
 * Search for !showbans, let you look for a name or IP
 * Adminchat warnings. Know when a player tries to do something they shouldnt be able to, or a banned player tries to connect.
 * Killer HP. When someone kills someone else, it tells you the killer's remaining HP. Cvar controlled, `g_killerHP`
 * Radioactive turrets feature. Does damage to camping humans. Controlled by cvars beginning with `g_radiation'

=Cvars=
 * `g_killerHP`: Shows a victim how much health their killer had. *(Boolean)*
 * `g_pollVotes`: Control if poll votes are enabled or disabled. *(Boolean)*
 * `g_extendVotePercent`: Percent for extend votes to pass. *(Float)*
 * `g_extendVote`: Controls if extend votes are enabled. *(Boolean)*
 * `g_extendVotesPercent`: Controls the percent extend votes must have to pass. *(Float)*
 * `g_extendVotesTime`: Controls the amount of time extend votes push the time limit back by. *(Float)*
 * `g_extendVotesCount`: Controls how many extend votes may be called and passed during a game. *(Float)*
 * `g_buyAll`: Allows the purchase of any item while on the human team. *(Boolean)*
 * `g_multipleWeapons`: Allows humans to carry more than one main weapon. *(Boolean)*
 * `g_radiationDamage`: Amount of damage given by radiation. *(Float)*
 * `g_radiationTime`: The amount of time spent camping near turrets to engage irradiation. *(Float)*
 * `g_radiationCredits`: Amount of credits a player must have to be damaged. *(Float)*
 * `g_radiationCreditsCount`: Way the game counts credits. 0 for only current equipment, 1 for players account, 2 for both account and current equipment. *(Bitmask)*
 
There are many other features that i cant name off the top of my head, so feel free to update this page as you find them.

Thank you