#summary A copy of the readme that comes in the ZIP file.
#labels Featured,Info-Credits,Info-Help,Readme
{{{
                         ___           ___                         ___     
           ___          /  /\         /  /\          ___          /  /\    
          /  /\        /  /::\       /  /::\        /  /\        /  /::|   
         /  /::\      /  /:/\:\     /__/:/\:\      /  /:/       /  /:|:|   
        /  /:/\:\    /  /:/  \:\    \  \:\ \:\    /  /:/       /  /:/|:|__ 
       /  /::\ \:\  /__/:/_\_ \:\    \  \:\ \:\  /__/:/  ___  /__/:/_|::::\
      /__/:/\:\_\:\ \  \:\__/\_\/     \  \:\/:/  |  |:| /  /\ \__\/  /~~/:/
      \__\/  \:\/:/  \  \:\ \:\        \__\::/   |  |:|/  /:/       /  /:/ 
           \  \::/    \  \:\/:/        /  /:/    |__|:|__/:/       /  /:/  
            \__\/      \  \::/        /__/:/      \__\::::/       /__/:/   
                        \__\/         \__\/           ~~~~        \__\/    

                                         _                
                                        | |               
                      _ __ ___  __ _  __| |_ __ ___   ___ 
                     | '__/ _ \/ _` |/ _` | '_ ` _ \ / _ \
                     | | |  __/ (_| | (_| | | | | | |  __/
                     |_|  \___|\__,_|\__,_|_| |_| |_|\___|                        
=============================================================================

P-G-QVM is a qvm developed by Paradox, Google, and Rezyn, meant for the game tremulous.

It is completely opensource, and actively developed.

==============================
Website, SVN, News, and More
==============================

P-g-qvm is hosted on google code. We offer an Issue tracker, SVN repository, and download of the software from the project page.
http://p-g-qvm.googlecode.com

Paradox, the project owner, updates a tag on his blog with p-g-qvm info.
http://paradoxdgn.com/tag/p-g-qvm

==============================
Installation
==============================
Installing the qvm is quite simple. Extract the game.qvm file, and replace the game.qvm in your local base/vm folder.

As of version 1.6.2, there is no need to place a seperate info-credits.txt file anywhere, this is hardcoded into the qvm, and works automatically. Previous versions MUST have this file.

==============================
Credits
==============================
This qvm is a hodgepodge of many different features, and if you wish to see who all should get credit, please visit the wikipage for references at http://code.google.com/p/p-g-qvm/wiki/References

Majority of the credit goes to Google and Rezyn, however, without their help, this qvm would not exist. They preform most of the coding and porting of features.

Amanieu has helped us quite a bit, and we give him thanks.

Lakitu7 built the qvm which this is the foundation of this qvm, so without him, this would not be possible.

SST server is the main test bed for this qvm, and as such, will always be running an up to date version.

And a thanks to everyone in #tremulous and ##c on freenode, you helped me out with my stupid questions and whatnot.
}}}

*_THIS FILE MUST BE INCLUDED WITH EVERY DISTRIBUTION OF P-G-QVM._*